Six years inside, be pretty simple to get ahead of. Not.99% of people with AI because most people don't have the right AI skills. I spent the last six years inside the a transs. I'm talking building companies, developing internal tools and teaching these skills to millions and I can tell you the top one percent use AI in a completely different way. So I'm going to show you the nine AI skills that you can use to get ahead of 99% of the people even if you're starting at 0. The last one is definitely my favorite starting with skill. Number one prompt engineering. This is the skill of talking to the AI models and creating prompts that get the best output. Think of it this way, garbage in, garbage out and you definitely won't get the result. So every good prompt has four things. The first is it defines the role. You have to tell it to like act like a marketer, act like a leadership expert or act like a lawyer. Why?

Because it's looking at all the knowledge in the world and it's saying this body of work is what I want you to pull from so you give me the best answer through that role. Next you have to get the.Contact you have to give it all the information that you have about yourself. The more you tell it about your situation the better the response because it'll use that to craft its search query in the brain called AI. Next we have to give it a command. You have to give it very clear instructions on what you need. The more specific your command your request the more dialed in the results are going to be and the last one is format. We want to tell it how to respond out. Do we want a PDF document? We want bullet points. We want to put it in the table. Do you want is a spreadsheet but I will tell you this. If you have an example of world class output that you've seen in somebody else or you've created before giving it that the pattern match again is actually a true code. Now that we've got your prompt dialed in now we actually have to learn how to fight with a to get it to do exactly what you want.

Which brings us to skill number two taste curation the ultimate skill you can develop in this new world of AI is knowing what great looks, sounds and feel.Like for example, if you're starting a new product and you need to come up with names for that product, AI can give you suggestions. They could write out twenty five, fifty, a hundred different names, but it takes place to know when you look at those hundred which are the one or two that are actually going to work in the market. It reminds me of this quote by all people. Ben affleck, the actor, and you're talking about like where AI is going to be challenged. She said being a craftsman is knowing how to work, but art is knowing when to stop. That is case and that's your skill to develop. So here are the steps to improve your case, but the last one is how you lock it in first you have to create your case library. Where do you learn what great looks like? I love to use social media. I like to hear things that people say and write them down because I like the way it was. Say, if you're a startup and you want to like get better at pitching your startup,

then you might go on Youtube and watch all the winners who ever pitched. If you're a musician, go watch all the best acts of all time. If you're a programmer, go review the code in github from the best and most.Popular projects the way to get better is to curate a case library of examples of what world class looks like. Next, you have to develop your communication skills. Here's why your words, how you talk to the AI or how you talk to other people will actually craft your world around you. So if you want the best prompt, you have to make sure you use the right words to describe exactly what you're looking for. So for example, when you're communicating to your AI you have to be specific. So you'll say things like I need a Max line length of 100 characters. I do this all the time for Instagram notes or you might want to use the word leader, not b, those two different words will get different outputs in what you're trying to accomplish. Understanding the words that align with your case is the meta skill.

People that are great at a topic because you study greatness will talk about the work differently and the AI will actually respond and it'll shape the output to match that. And finally, as I mentioned, this is how we lock it all in, we have to learn how to implement universal rules.What this means is to continue to craft your prompts by giving repeatable direction. So for example you might always be saying write in ninth grade English. I use this one very often or use similes over example, keep sentences short, avoid cheesy quotes, no end dashes. That's the biggest one I want to encourage you to start building the ability to write down your case. When people hear a case they think it's just like kind of stick sense for what is great. You know like I can't tell you why I just have a case around it.
